{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9780\viewh12020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Liebherr\
CON-E-CO has engineered its central mix plants to accept a range of Liebherr RIM (pan) mixers and DW (twin shaft) mixers in sizes from .65 cubic yards to 10.4 cubic yards. For block and products producers, these mixers provide thorough, efficient mixing and rapid cycle times. Ring-type pan mixers feature hydraulically or mechanically driven actuators. Twin-shaft mixers and pan mixers have compact gear reducers and high-capacity hydraulic discharge gates.\
\
 	Command Alkon\
Automated batching controls from Command Alkon are proven reliable, consistent and accurate at over 9,000 plants around the world. Batching controls can be sized for the simplest dry batch plant or a high-volume, multi-mixer plant. Products include COMMANDbatch, Eagle, Spectrum, and the AC2000. (Command Alkon controls are available from Mid Atlantic Concrete Equipment only with purchase of a new CON-E-CO plant.)\
\
Eagle Pneumatic\
Ticket delivery systems use pressure and vacuum to whisk job tickets between the batch operator and truck driver. A stainless steel truck station is designed for harsh outdoor conditions. Experience in the field proves that a ticket delivery system can save two to three minutes for each truck that passes through the yard. Installation of tubing and control cable is quick and easy; the powered station plugs into a 110-volt outlet.\
\
 	Infern-O-Therm\
Hot water and chiller systems from Infern-O-Therm boast high fuel efficiency, multi-fuel capability, low-maintenance design and long-life materials. A full vertical manufacturer, Infern-O-Therm builds every component in house. A burner designed specifically for direct fire tube heating has a unique baffle made of silica-based refractory material with a cloverleaf-shaped aperture. Insulation-wrapped steel tanks range from 1,000 up to 30,000 gallons.\
\
Hydronix\
Microwave moisture measuring systems for sand and aggregates is designed for ready-mix and precast industries to significantly increase accuracy of batching and slump control. Hydronix sensors accurately measure the moisture in flowing materials during batching. Hydro-probe II sensors take 25 readings per second and are virtually unaffected by pollutants and changes of particle size. Sensors feed back to the batch controller, allowing it to do weight corrections for consistent yield.}